We recommend you include your target keywords within your page title, also referred to as meta title, and make sure to mention at least one of them exactly. This step can significantly improve your chances of ranking higher on Google.

The current title tag is 'Business Builders - Marketing Agency | Business Growth Experts'.

However, none of the below-assigned keywords for this page are included within the title tag:

marketing strategy consultant
strategic marketing
marketing consulting
marketing plan
marketing strategy services
marketing consulting agencies
The page title 'Business Builders - Marketing Agency | Business Growth Experts' does not include any of the specified keywords such as 'marketing strategy consultant', 'strategic marketing', 'marketing consulting', 'marketing plan', 'marketing strategy services', or 'marketing consulting agencies'. While it mentions 'Marketing Agency', this is a generic term and does not cover the specific keywords or their close variations. Therefore, the title is not optimized for the provided keywords.

Did you know you can use the Content Wizard in the platform to automatically generate options for an optimized title tag?

(Did you omit these keywords from the title because they are less important, or maybe because they are slight variations - plural/non-plural, for example - of your main keywords? Then you do not have to add them in, and you can hide this task.)

So how do you SEO your page title? One SUPER important thing to remember about the page title is that you want to include your focus keyword's and, ideally, 'frontload' it. This means you should try to place your target keyword at the start of your page title and keep it exactly as it is, without any alterations.

For example, let's say I run a fashion website, and I want to target the keyword 'fashion clothing'. We've created a page specifically for this keyword, so I would use the following text within the title tag:

Fashion Clothing - John's Clothing Latest Fashion Clothing - John's Clothing

You'll spot from the above examples, too, that you should always add your company name to the end of the title tag. Google likes this - it gives them confidence that you're a genuine, transparent brand.

IMPORTANT! When adding keywords to a title tag, try not to exceed a maximum of three. So, if you need to replace an existing keyword to add the ones above, then be sure it's more important/valuable to your business.