 How fast will requests be handled?
Our team typically responds to a request within 24 hours. The complexity of the request will determine the completion time, but we will let you know! 
 How will I be billed?
The monthly plan costs are set up on automatic payment via Credit Card or ACH with a minimum 12-month agreement. After that time, you can cancel with 30 days’ notice.
 What is included in my edits?
Website edits do include things like: edits to text, swapping out images, editing banners & sliders, editing headers or footers, changes to menus and navigation, adjusting plugin settings, and adding new pages (with the design of an existing site page from the website, with any new images and copy provided by the client) and helping to resolve website issues.
Website edits do not include things like: custom development (PHP, plugins, themes, etc), updating custom code, graphic design, creation or sourcing of content (images, copy, videos, etc), marketing-related tasks like SEO management or Google Analytics goals, building out advanced functionality like LMS systems or eCommerce, or building out custom-designed pages. If you need help with those things, we are happy to partner with you and quote these items outside of your maintenance plan.
 How do we communicate?
You can simply email in your request to us at support@old.businessbldrs.com and it will create a ticket in our help desk. Our team will reply within 24 hrs to get your request started!
 Are all plugins updated monthly?
We update on plugins, theme, and core file updates on a monthly basis! There are some plugins that our team may not update based on the age of the site, as it may break it. We will always update plugins if there are security issues. Most importantly, you don’t need to worry about any of the updates because we’ll handle them all for you.
 What's included in hosting?
Hosting your website with us allows your website to have a live space on the internet for traffic to visit. Included in hosting, we provide server support to keep your website up and running at a quick speed. If the server that your site lives on goes down, we will work with the server team to get your site back online ASAP. We also take nightly backups of your site so that you do not lose content. We only use the best hosting options which provide server security to your site to help avoid hacks and other malicious activity.
 
You will need to have your website on a maintenance plan in order to receive support for your website. Hosting includes keeping the website online, making sure the server is running fast, nightly backups, security, and hack repairs if something goes south with security.
To read more about the difference between hosting & maintenance plans, check out our blog post!

