Maintenance
We will care for and manage your site so you can spend your time doing what you do best.


Select the plan that works for you:
WordPress Core Updates

WordPress Theme & Plugins Update

Support Hours per Month

Request Start Time

Daily Security Checks

Speed Optmization

E-commerce & Advanced Functionality

Maintain
starting at

$99/mo

Billed hourly at $160/hour

3 days

sign up

Save 31% on Pre-Packaged hours

Performance
starting at

$320/mo

2 Hours Per Month

2 days

sign up

Accelerated
starting at

$640/mo

4 Hours Per Month

1 day

One time

sign up

Custom Plan
schedule a call

Contact our sales team to get a custom quote

sign up

Our support services are handled via email to support@old.businessbldrs.com

Availability: Monday – Friday
9:00am – 5:00pm EST

Please note that support requests over allotted monthly hours will be quoted at a rate of $160/hr.

Support within 3rd party services is not included in our maintenance plans. Only assistance in connecting these services to the website.

Hosting with us but not on a maintenance plan?
“We can assist you with website updates at our non-maintenance client request rate of $200/hour. Hours will be determined based on scope of the project. Please reach out to support@old.businessbldrs.com to submit your non-maintenance client support request.

How to work with us.
SIGN UP
01Pick a Plan
Choose the maintenance plan that best fits your website’s needs. Need help deciding which plan you need? Contact us at support@old.businessbldrs.com for more assistance. 

02 Jump on a Quick Call
We will send you a meeting link to hop on a quick call to introduce ourselves and discuss your website needs.

Please note that we require our maintenance clients to be on a hosting plan. Hosting plans start at $50/month.

03ENJOY A WORRY-FREE WEBSITE.
We will onboard you into our maintenance and hosting plans. Sit back and know that your website is in good hands. With a maintenance plan, you can benefit from quality support, quick response times, and a high level of communication. You deserve it!

Outstanding Support and Service!
Our experience with Business Builders and the corresponding maintenance plan has been great. The team is always very prompt to respond and act on the issue and perhaps more importantly, is always very friendly and accommodating during the process. We enjoyed working with the team to rebuild the website and monitor and maintain it thereafter. Thank you for all your help!

MEGAN WITH INSIDE TOWERS
You’re in good hands!
HUNDREDS OF SITES HOSTED​
99.9% UPTIME​
SSL Security Included